and what terms of galaxies in this
occasion we enter for you a video
very fast on the new google
plate-arg that are already available here
in Mexico we acquired one to show them
how they come and how they are used
especially this can be achieved in
several distributors it seems to me that in
a sanborns looks like iron in the part
that is in some texts you can already
get and if there is not yet in your
city will be soon
reaching across the republic is google
takeout this are exclusive for those who
enter the launch for mexico that
we do not know if there is official distribution
in some other countries of Latin America
but good while here for the
beings from mexico that we already have
accessible to be able to buy them and good
so avoid these problems that they had
to acquire applications so
as legal that many who complained
by this point
because most users do not count
with a credit card or a card
Debit was a bit problematic
make purchases but good now
with these prepaid cards as is
she can achieve
very quickly they only go and buy
here the amount that you want that
200 300 and 600 pesos are available
not only do they buy them and then
the government has a code in this
post as is how the cards are
well-known itunes there are only
that scratch the code and enter it
directly on the list so let's
do it quickly here they
We show how well in the back
well and how can the code change
they had if they are going to do it from the
web or if they want to do it from their
phone or from stable
the credit that you buy then
it is cumulative what can you have in all
the devices while they have their
account blocked so to have that
credit on all devices with
those who have that account so let's go
to scrape the code let's go to
apply to show them very quickly
how this process is achieved
good once the code is already answered
which comes here we only have to
enter directly to the place to be and
slide here to one side then
here we are going to go to the option that says
redeem now it is very simple
I'll just stay here in cancer
and you can ask us for the code to enter
code then we will enter it and
we just have to give
where it says here on the trade button and of
that way we can use our
code in a very simple way because
here at last quickly the code
as you can see is the same as the
card we recommend you do it
with spaces to put him with spaces
because we had a problem
when we put it in the patches there
it marked that the code was not valid and
then normal an error when
we could we want to put again
marked an error we recommend that you
get like this when it's like
it shows it on the card and if they have
doubts that the subscription was made
Even if I do not confirm, I'm checking you
error first corroborate that they have their
balance of the google play card
in the application you can go
directly to some payment application
here as power of this costs 34 pesos
they give accept here they will leave
how much do you have in your google balance?
here we are already confirming that if
the 200 pesos are paid, it costs 34 and you
they only give him here to buy and now
is
here only confirms your password
the account and password of google and you
give in confirm let's confirm it
quickly and you can see that you can already
perform the installation without putting in
no type of credit card or
no other info is the way in which
the procedure is performed as they can
see then it is very easy to use
simply scratch the code they put it and
there is no major complication they do not need
prove something else simply with the
code that comes and your account
google play that obviously that's already
active here in his in his team then of
that way, they can buy
applications in a very simple way
without cumbersome procedures and then of that
way I will be able to avoid a big
part of piracy that will be a pretext
well big enough to acquire the
applications officially something
well this way it works like
you can see it 's extremely easy very
fast and well this has been all
we hope you like the video
in many places
get very quickly and well then
this has been all we hope you have
liked do not forget to look for us in our
different social networks can
find on twitter in the galaxy of mx
facebook facebook.com also of
a galaxy pmx and this in Instagram
I finished still day in galaxies this has
been everything we hope you liked it
Any doubt that leaves a comment or
suggestion leave here below in the
comments section
also gifts online here in the part
of eyes and is that this video liked and
We have your comments by seeing them and
it would be everything we see each other